Modifications from barbidule! use uint32_t matrixes where possible (#4)
DFTFringe/makeAverageFromVideo: README.md

## Usage

> * makeAverage.py is a very simple script that creates averages images. the size of the averaged bin is roughly the square root of the total number of frames in the input video (e.g. 10 averages for 100+ frames).

Author: ```suggestion
* makeAverage.py is a very simple script that creates averages images from video. The size of the averaged bin is roughly the square root of the total number of frames in the input video (e.g. 10 averages for 100+ frames).
```

- `<channel>` is one of `R`, `G`, or `B`
- `--output_avg` is optional and will trigger the write of an `average.png` file in the output directory.

* makeDiffImagesFromVideo is a attempt to create useful interferograms in adverse conditions.

this script allows to select a tight region of interest (ROI) around the first interferogram in the input video to later ease the identification of two images with high spatial standard deviation within a sample duration of one second. the useful values of the ROI - x, y, width, height - are printed in the terminal for further usage.

> for each second duration of the input video two images are substracted each to other and the result is saved.

Author: Unclear. 
Une image sur 2 est soustraite ? 1 image toutes les 1 secondes ? 1 average toutes les 1s ?

Reviewer: WITHIN each second duration of the input video THE two IDENTIFIED images are substracted each to other and the result is saved.

Author: So within each second of video, the 2 pictures with highest spatial standard deviation are subtracted ? Sorry if I'm being dense. Maybe an example with 4 pictures ?

> 
> * makeDiffImagesFromVideo is a attempt to create useful interferograms in adverse conditions.
> 
> this script allows to select a tight region of interest (ROI) around the first interferogram in the input video to later ease the identification of two images with high spatial standard deviation within a sample duration of one second. the useful values of the ROI - x, y, width, height - are printed in the terminal for further usage.
> for each second duration of the input video two images are substracted each to other and the result is saved.
> a total video duration of at least one hundred seconds is a realistic value to average air currents and vibrations sources out. 

Author: ```suggestion

* makeDiffImagesFromVideo is an attempt to create useful interferograms in adverse conditions.

This script allows to select a tight region of interest (ROI) around the first interferogram in the input video to later ease the identification of two images with high spatial standard deviation within a sample duration of one second. The useful values of the ROI - x, y, width, height - are printed in the terminal for further usage.
For each second duration of the input video two images are subtracted each to other and the result is saved.
A total video duration of at least 100 seconds is a realistic value to average air currents and vibrations sources out. 
```

```bash

> ./makeDiffImagesFromVideoe.py --input <input_file> --output_dir <output_dir> --select_channel {R, G, B} --roi_lst x y width height [--output_avg]

Author: ```suggestion
./makeDiffImagesFromVideo.py --input <input_file> --output_dir <output_dir> --select_channel {R, G, B} [--roi_lst x y width height] [--output_avg]
```

> ./makeDiffImagesFromVideoe.py --input <input_file> --output_dir <output_dir> --select_channel {R, G, B} --roi_lst x y width height [--output_avg]

Author: I don't know if the code can be better but help for --roi_lst is not OK.
At least the comment must be updated. If possible, `ROI_LST ROI_LST ROI_LST ROI_LST` should be `x y width height`
```
C:\GIT\makeAverageFromVideo>python makeDiffImagesFromVideo.py -h
usage: makeDiffImagesFromVideo.py [-h] --input_file INPUT_FILE --output_dir OUTPUT_DIR --select_channel {B,G,R}
                                  [--roi_lst ROI_LST ROI_LST ROI_LST ROI_LST]

Process video channels and compute running averages

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --input_file INPUT_FILE
                        Input video file path
  --output_dir OUTPUT_DIR
                        Output directory for processed images
  --select_channel {B,G,R}
                        Select color channel (B=blue, G=green, R=red)
  --roi_lst ROI_LST ROI_LST ROI_LST ROI_LST
                        list of four ints defining the roi, e.g: 574 108 728 721
```

Reviewer: this modification is ok for me (updated comment and script call with ROI_LST four times after (-roi_lst)

Author: Can you commit the modification in this branch and push it ?

Reviewer: i don"t know how to... push from the copy on my hd don"t work. can i do it on line?

```

Where :
- `<input_file>` is the path of your input video. OpenCV uses ffmpeg under the hood, refer to ffmpeg for supported formats.
- `<output_dir>` is the directory where averaged PNG files will be written.
- `<channel>` is one of `R`, `G`, or `B`
- `--output_avg` is optional and will trigger the write of an `average.png` file in the output directory.

> - `--roi_lst` is optional and four values deining the ROI that can be in use for a serie of videos with (nearly) the same interferogram position in the image.

Author: ```suggestion
- `--roi_lst` is optional and four values defining the ROI that can be used for a series of videos with (nearly) the same interferogram position in the image.
```

Reviewer: `--roi_lst` is optional and four values defining the ROI that can be **in** used for a series of videos with (nearly) the same interferogram position in the image.

remove "in"

Author: updated
